Alright! We talked about the Spring Pet
Clinic. Let's go ahead and run it.
Take a look at it running. So if you come
out to the Spring Pet Clinic project
here, I'll include this as the starting
source in the course resources. Come
down here and you can see to run it
locally, we have very simple instructions
here. So let's go ahead and I'm going to
copy this link and toggle it on over and
click on that. Now we can see that it's
done. So if I do a cd petclinic/. We can
see there's the project.
I can literally just come right over
here. Copy that. Again, this is running
the Maven Wrapper, so that
./mvnw spring-boot:run. I don't
have a Windows machine. The command under
Windows is slightly different to run
maven, but you do want to run Spring Boot
with the run option. That is going to
compile and run the project for you. So
I'm gonna go ahead and paste that in and
hit enter. When you do this for the
first time, I just ran this, so all the
dependencies are cached in my maven
cache. You're gonna see a bunch of stuff
get downloaded from maven central. So
your startup experience is gonna be a
little bit different than what I'm
seeing here. You'll see a lot of stuff, a
lot of jars and dependencies being
downloaded to your local maven
repository. Now, we can see that Tomcat
has started up. It's running on port 8080.
So let's come back over to Chrome. I'm
going to start a new tab in Chrome
localhost:8080.
And here is the Spring Petclinic
application. We have the HOME. We can come
up here and do FIND OWNERS. I'm just
gonna hit Smith there, and we can see
here's the Owner. Let's take a look at
George. You can see where he lives in
Madison. We can edit him. We can add a new
pet, seeing it's here. Here's a form.
Different types of pets. So a lot of
functionality here that we can go
through. Also, VETERINARIANS. This
here, just simulates an error. So, let's come
over here. You can see that we have the
initialization started up in 27
milliseconds. If I come here and click on
this, this is just gonna emulate an error.
So, the graceful handling on the website
of an error. We come back over here and
see now I have a stack trace in the
console of the application. So again, this
is just demonstrating an error and how
the error is handled and this is all
stuff that we're going to go through. So,
let's come back over to this guy.
We'll go home. So what I'm going to do
going forward in the course, you're gonna
see sections of the course that start
with SFG Spring Framework Guru PC for
Pet Clinic. These are going to be
step by step sections of me showing you
how to create this application. I'm gonna
start off absolutely from beginning from
scratch, and I'm going to add these into
the different sections of the course to
reinforce what we just learned. So, look
for content at the end of the each
section. We're going to reinforce
content that we learned in the course.
We're going to go and build our own
Pet Clinic application step by step.
Probably not gonna use all the Spring
branding but it will be step by step.
It's gonna be a little bit different.
It's my course, I have my own opinions
not necessarily in line with the pivotal
team at all times. But I do want to show
you the best cases and hopefully you'll
learn a lot from this. I'll show you what
I'm doing, why I'm doing it, and giving my
opinion a follow why we're doing
that. We're going to cover quite a
bit of content in this and hopefully you
really enjoy it as we work through
things.